[Docs]Fixes links in Vega docs (#31283)
elastic/kibana: docs/visualize/vega.asciidoc

watch this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQGCipY3th8[short introduction video].

Currently Vega version 4.4 and Vega-Lite version 2.6 are supported.

NOTE: In Vega it is possible to load data dynamically, e.g. by setting signals as data urls. This is not supported in Kibana as all data is fetched at once prior to passing it to the Vega renderer.

[[vega-quick-demo]]
=== Getting Started with Vega

* To experiment using sample data, first click the {kib} logo in the upper left hand corner
and then click the link next to *Sample Data*.
* Once you have data loaded, go to *Visualize*, click *+*, and select *Vega* to see an example graph. 

> *Note*: The default graph is written in Vega-Lite, but you can build visualizations in either of the languages (see below for more information). Edit the `schema` value in the dev tools to the left of the graph to define which language you would like to use. For example: `$schema: https://vega.github.io/schema/vega-lite/v2.json`

Reviewer: I like how you described it, thanks!  How about we move that text to the section below, and link to it?
```suggestion
*Note*: The default graph is written in Vega-Lite, but you can build visualizations in either Vega or Vega-Lite languages (see [#vega-vs-vegalite] section for more information).
```

I updated the below section to

Reviewer: P.S. The above might not link correctly to the asciidoc section - not sure what is the proper linking required.

Author: Sounds good, updated this link.

* Try changing `mark` from `line` to `point`, `area`, `bar`, `circle`,
or `square`. Check out the 
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/docs/mark.html#mark-def[Vega docs] for more information.
* Explore other available https://vega.github.io/vega/examples/[Vega] or
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/examples/[Vega-Lite] visualizations. 
Note: You might need to make URLs absolute, for example, replace
`"url": "data/world-110m.json"` with
`"url": "https://vega.github.io/editor/data/world-110m.json"`. 
See <<vega-using-vega-and-vegalite-examples, Vega and Vega-Lite examples>>.
* For more information on getting started, check out this https://www.elastic.co/blog/getting-started-with-vega-visualizations-in-kibana[blog post].  

[[vega-vs-vegalite]]
=== Vega vs Vega-Lite

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vega visualization supports two similar languages - Vega and Vega-Lite. The `schema` value tells Kibana which language you would like to use, together with the minimum required version of that language. For example: `$schema: https://vega.github.io/schema/vega-lite/v2.json` for Vega-Lite v2, and `$schema: https://vega.github.io/schema/vega/v4.json` for Vega v4. The `schema` URL is only used for identification, and does not need to be accessible by Kibana.
```

Vega-Lite is a simplified version of Vega; it automates some constructions and has 
much shorter specifications than Vega. Vega-Lite is automatically converted into 
Vega before rendering, but it has some limitations, and there are some visualizations
that can be expressed in Vega that cannot be expressed in Vega-Lite. You can learn more

> in the https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/[Veg-Lite documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/[Vega-Lite documentation].
```

watch this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQGCipY3th8[short introduction video].

Currently Vega version 4.3 and Vega-Lite version 2.6 are supported.

NOTE: In Vega it is possible to load data dynamically, e.g. by setting signals as data urls. This is not supported in Kibana as all data is fetched at once prior to passing it to the Vega renderer.

[[vega-quick-demo]]
=== Getting Started with Vega

* To experiment using sample data, first click the {kib} logo in the upper left hand corner
and then click the link next to *Sample Data*.
* Once you have data loaded, go to *Visualize*, click *+*, and select *Vega* to see an example graph. 
*Note*: The default graph is written in Vega-Lite, but you can build visualizations 

> in either expression language. See <<vega-vs-vegalite, Vega vs. Vega-Lite>> for more information. 

Reviewer: not sure about the word "expression language" here, maybe just leave it as "language" ?  I do not feel strongly about it, so feel free to ignore.
```suggestion
in either language. See <<vega-vs-vegalite, Vega vs. Vega-Lite>> for more information. 
```

* Try changing `mark` from `line` to `point`, `area`, `bar`, `circle`,
or `square`. Check out the 

> https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/docs/mark.html#mark-def[Vega docs] for more information.

Reviewer: Vega documentation is different.
```suggestion
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/docs/mark.html#mark-def[Vega-Lite docs] for more information.
```

* Explore other available https://vega.github.io/vega/examples/[Vega] or
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/examples/[Vega-Lite] visualizations. 

> Note: You might need to make URLs absolute, for example, replace

Reviewer: Should "Note" be bold similar to other places?
```suggestion
*Note*: You might need to make URLs absolute, for example, replace
```

watch this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQGCipY3th8[short introduction video].

> Currently Vega version 4.3 and VegaLite version 2.6 are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently Vega version 4.3 and Vega-Lite version 2.6 are supported.
```

[[vega-quick-demo]]
=== Getting Started with Vega

> * Go to *Visualize*, click *+*, and select *Vega* to see an example graph.

Reviewer: Not sure how to phrase this:  many users get confused by the fact that you can use two different languages - Vega and Vega-Lite when writing visualisations here. The default one that shows for everyone is Vega-Lite, but user can write in either of the languages. They are distinguished by the `schema` value at the top of the graph.  Any ideas on how/where to add that here?

Author: Maybe something like this?
<img width="856" alt="screen shot 2019-02-15 at 1 46 22 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13408456/52877514-3211f000-3128-11e9-95ef-f24cf4a47a0b.png">

* Try changing `mark` from `line` to `point`, `area`, `bar`, `circle`,
or `square`. Check out the 
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/docs/mark.html#mark-def[Vega docs] for more information.
* Explore other available https://vega.github.io/vega/examples/[Vega] or

> https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/examples/[VegaLite] visualizations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/examples/[Vega-Lite] visualizations. 
```

Author: Great, thanks - I found a few more instances of VegaLite throughout the doc, so I updated all of them.

> Note: You may need to make URLs absolute, for example, replace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: You might need to make URLs absolute, for example, replace
```

`"url": "data/world-110m.json"` with
`"url": "https://vega.github.io/editor/data/world-110m.json"`. 

> See <<vega-using-vega-and-vegalite-examples, Vega and VegaLite examples>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See <<vega-using-vega-and-vegalite-examples, Vega and Vega-Lite examples>>.
```

> * You can generate some logstash data to experiment with using https://www.npmjs.com/package/makelogs[makelogs util]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can generate some Logstash data to experiment with using https://www.npmjs.com/package/makelogs[makelogs util]. 
```

> * You can generate some Logstash data to experiment with using https://www.npmjs.com/package/makelogs[makelogs util]. 

Reviewer: I think we may want to encourage users to use the new built-in datasets now that they are available (e.g. flight data, etc).  Logstash sample data is much more complex to generate.  Some Vega examples come with those data sets (note to self - add more vega examples to those datasets)

Author: Thanks @nyurik - of the three sample data sets, is there any one in particular with Vega examples I should point to?

 *Note: Do not use makelogs on a production cluster.*
* For more information on getting started, check out this https://www.elastic.co/blog/getting-started-with-vega-visualizations-in-kibana[blog post].  

[[vega-vs-vegalite]]

> === Vega vs VegaLite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Vega vs Vega-Lite
```

[[vega-useful-links]]
=== Useful Links

* The https://vega.github.io/editor/[Vega Editor] includes examples for Vega &
Vega-Lite, but does not support any Kibana-specific features like
Elasticsearch requests and interactive base maps.
* Vega-Lite
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/tutorials/getting_started.html[tutorials],
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/docs/[docs], and
https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/examples/[examples]

> * Vega https://vega.github.io/vega/tutorials/[tutorials],

Reviewer: I think we should also add Vega blog posts section here -  I think I wrote 3 or 4 blog posts by now, some  of which may be useful to people.

Author: I reorganized this into sections, and added a section with the three blog posts that I found - let me know if there are others.

==== Sizing and positioning

[[vega-and-vegalite]]

> ===== Vega and VegaLite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Vega and Vega-Lite
```
